Code and it is a web application.
So my application is a crude application
built using PHP for service side logic,
PDO for database access and SQL SQLite
for the databases.
And it let so my application lets you
create, read,
update and delete products slash users
from a database to the web interface.
So I have 4 layers,
so there's a data base layer which SQLite
and SQL scripts are used and for the back
end layer I used PHP files using PDO and
for the front end layer I used HTML and
bootstraps.
And for the client side logic I used
JavaScript and jQuery and each layer has
a clear responsibility.
And I'll be showing you the database.
So.
This is the update.
This is where you can update the.
Like your name,
your username and your products,
you've ordered your surname,
so this is where all the information will
be added onto the website.
So your address,
your town and this is where all your
information will be saved.
PHP.
So just where all the information will be
saved and this is where you can change
edits.
So if you want to change your name and
all,
that may be done on this and this is
where all the information will be deleted.
So if you want to delete anything.
And so how my database would work?
Is SQL Lite for file based database.
So everything is stored in the online
underscores for SQL Lite which is over
here.
And there's no database server needed.
PHP would read and write directly to the
SQL light file.
And the database connection would be DB
dot PHP.
And the file would create one reusable
PDO connection to the SQL database.
And for the back end logic.
It would be.
This this edit dot PHP and delete PHP
will be for the back end.
And then I will continue to show you my
website, the web service that's working.
So this is all my products I have.
So.
My web application is hosted on AWS.
And so basically you can add to cart.
So we've added to the cart and you can
add this to the cart as well, so you've 2.
So you can see the.
Like order to them.
So you seek to check out,
place your order.
And then you've successfully placed your
order and so and over here you can check
the orders you've done,
which is stored in the database and you
can log out as well.
So the user is going to have to sign up.
With the username a password and they'll
be able to confirm the password and then
they can log in again and see the
previous orders,
which is stored on the database so that
it'll be fetched from the database,
which is done in SQL, right?
The user will be able to create on sign
up like for example this and we'll give
the password.
Yeah.
So now you're made new account and so
from here you can just make orders like
this. This,
this and it's all saved here as you can
proceed to check out this order.
Continue shopping. There you are.
And then your order will be saved here.
And if for example,
you want to order something and you want
to delete it,
you can press the remove button.
So then your part is empty,
so that'll be on the delete part.
You just don't know my code.
You delete it, not PHP over here.
So thanks for listening.
This is my all my code I've showed you
and explained.
So maybe this will be odd on GitHub.
So thank you for listening.